Add documentation for honeybadger.event (#193)
honeybadger-io/honeybadger-python: README.md

honeybadger.notify(error_class='ValueError', error_message='Something bad happened!', fingerprint='custom_fingerprint')
```

### `honeybadger.event`: Send custom events to Honeybadger Insights

Use this method to send custom events to [Honeybadger Insights](https://docs.honeybadger.io/guides/insights/). This allows you to track and monitor important events in your application.

#### Examples:

```python

> # Send a simple event
> honeybadger.event('user.signup', {'email': 'user@example.com'})
> 
> # Send an event with additional metadata
> honeybadger.event(
>     'order.completed',
>     {
>         'order_id': '123',
>         'total': 49.99,
>         'items': ['item1', 'item2']
>     }
> )
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Send a simple event
honeybadger.event('user.signup', dict(email='user@example.com'))
# or using keyword arguments
honeybadger.event(event_type='user.signup', data=dict(email='user@example.com'))

# Send an event with additional metadata
honeybadger.event(
    event_type='order.completed',
    data=dict(
        order_id='123',
        total=49.99,
        items=['item1', 'item2']
    )
)
# or
honeybadger.event(
    dict(
        event_type='order.completed',
        order_id='123',
        total=49.99,
        items=['item1', 'item2']
    )
)
```
```

The `event` method takes two parameters:

> - `name`: A string identifying the event (required)
> - `payload`: A dictionary containing any additional data about the event (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `event_type`: A string identifying the event type
- `data`: A dictionary containing any additional data about the event

`event_type` is not required, but it's recommended as a way to group your events . A `ts` key is also added to `data` if not present with the value `time.time()`.
```
